                                     CONTRACT

ASSAULT (§ 13.02)

a. An employee who has been physically or verbally assaulted shall make an
immediate oral report to the Principal or his designee. The employee shall make
a complete written report of the incident to the Principal as soon as physically
able to do so.

b. The Principal shall give a full report to the Superintendent who shall
determine if any public authority should be contacted by the District and/or if
proceedings should be initiated by the District against the assailant. Nothing
in this section prohibits the employee from personally initiating legal action;
provided, however, prior to doing so the Superintendent must be notified.

c. If court action results from action taken by the Superintendent (as opposed
to civil action initiated by the employee for his/her own benefit) the employee
shall be granted leave of absence with no loss of pay for the days in court or
consultation as may be requested by BOARD counsel, the County Prosecutor, the
Court, or law enforcement officers.

d. Any employee who is disabled and unable to perform his/her duties due to an
assault upon the employee as certified by the employee’s attending physician
to the Superintendent, in writing, shall receive leave up to a maximum of
seventeen (17) work days. Upon request from the Superintendent, the employee may
be required to be examined by a BOARD-designated physician to verify such
disability.

e. In the event the employee’s physician and the physician selected by the
Superintendent do not agree on any matter, they shall jointly refer the matter
to a third physician mutually acceptable to such physicians who shall consider
the reports of the two physicians, examine the employee, if necessary, and
determine the matter at issue. The determination of this third physician shall
be binding on all concerned and is not subject to further appeal.

The employee is responsible for all expenses incurred from his/her physician.

The BOARD is responsible for all expenses incurred from the physician selected
by the Superintendent and for the cost of the third physician.
