                                     CONTRACT

FULBRIGHT TEACHER EXCHANGE LEAVE (§ 14.09)

a. An employee with at least (5) years of continuous employment with the
Springboro Community City School District dating from the employee’s most
recent date of hire may, with permission of the BOARD be entitled to take a
leave of absence from teaching duties with full salary and benefits for up to
one (1) year to participate in Fulbright Teacher Exchange Program.

b. Participation in the Fulbright Exchange Program shall be subject to the
following conditions:

1. The year the employee participates in the Fulbright Exchange Program shall
count as a year of service in the Springboro Community City Schools.

2. Application for permission to participate much be submitted prior to
September 1 in the year preceding the year in which the leave is to be taken.

3. The Fulbright Teacher Exchange Program must approve the employee’s
participation in the program and must provide an exchange replacement employee
to the School District to teach in the position of Springboro employee granted
the leave from assigned teaching duties at no cost to the BOARD for any wages,
benefits or other expense of the provided employee.

4. The employee, who must agree to work for the Springboro Community City School
District for one (1) year following completion of the program, shall be returned
to his/her same position upon return.

5. Participation in the Exchange Program shall result in no additional cost to
the District.

6. The exchange employee shall not be deemed an employee of the School District
but shall be subject to all rules, regulations and policies of the BOARD, the
same as an employee who would bound by such rules, regulations and policies.

7. If the exchange employee, for whatever reason, cannot fulfill his/her
responsibilities for the term of the exchange, the Springboro employees shall
return to the District at such time as the exchange employee leaves the
District.

c. No more than one (1) employee may participate in a Fulbright Teacher Exchange
Program in any school year.
