                                     CONTRACT

FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE (§ 14.17)

a. Employees who: (1) have been continuously employed for at least one (1) year;
and (2) have either: (a) worked for at least 1250 hours during the twelve (12)
month period immediately preceding the date when the application to take this
leave is filed, or (b) were employed under a “full time” contract during the
twelve (12) month period immediately preceding the date when the application to
take this leave is filed, shall be eligible for “Family and Medical Leave”
in accordance with the Family and Medical Leave Act, Public Law 103-3.

b. Family and Medical Leave may be taken by employees who are temporarily unable
to work due to:

1. birth of a child where the employee is needed to care for such newborn [Child
Care Leave, see Section 14.06];

2. placement of a child with the employee for adoption or foster care [Adoption
Leave, see Section 14.07];

3. the need for the employee to care for the employee’s spouse, son, daughter
or parent with a serious health condition [Family Care Leave]; or

4. serious health conditions of the employee, as defined by the U.S. Department
of Labor’s Regulations, that make the employee unable to perform essential
functions of his/her job (with or without reasonable accommodations for the
disability, if such is required) [employee disability leave]

c. Child Leave and Adoption Leave taken under this section as Family and Medical
Leave may commence at any time during the one (1) year period following the date
of birth or date of placement for adoption.

d. No more than twelve (12) weeks of Family and Medical Leave, as such, will be
granted in any twelve (12) month period commencing with the first day of usage.

e. In the event both a husband and a wife are employed by the BOARD, the
combined total Family and Medical Leave which can be granted as Child Care Leave
or Adoption Leave is twelve (12) weeks in any one (1) year period.

f. Where the necessity for this leave is foreseeable, the employee must give
notice by requesting this Leave, in writing, at least thirty (30) days prior to
the onset of the leave. Such written notice shall be filed with the
Superintendent. In those situations where the employee is unable to give this
thirty (30) day notice, notice of the request for the leave must be given at the
earliest time possible, considering all the circumstances present.

When “family care leave” or employee disability leave” is forseeable,
based on planned medical treatment, the employee should try to schedule such
planned medical treatment during non-assigned duty time.

g. Requests for “family care leave” must be supported by a health care
provider certification verifying that a serious health condition exists and that
the employee is needed to care for the family member and the estimated time
needed for such care.

Requests for “employee disability leave” must be supported by a health care
provider certification verifying that a serious health condition exists and a
statement that the employee is unable to perform the essential functions of
his/her position.

Requests for “intermittent or reduced schedule family care leave” or
“reduced schedule employee disability leave” must be further supported by
medical certification as to the necessary and the expected duration of the
leave; and, for planned medical treatments, the dates and duration of each
treatment.

h. Employees covered by the medical insurance program set form in Article XVIII,
Section 10.02(a), at the onset of a leave secured under this section may
continue to participate in the program during the leave on the same terms and
conditions that would have applied had no leave been taken. The premium portion
payable by the employee, is any, is due on the first day of the month.

i. Except as specifically required by other provisions of the AGREEMENT with
respect to any other type of leave taken concurrently with leave taken under
this Section, no other employment benefits accrue during a family and medical
leave and no other paid leave benefits will be paid if such occur during a
family and medical leave. The seniority of an employee on a approved family
medical leave of absence shall not be broken, and the time spent on such leave
shall be continued as continuous service for seniority calculation purpose.

j. Where there is medical necessary for :intermittent leave” or “reduced
schedule leave” or “family care leave” or “employee disability leave,”
such are available, subject to agreement between the BOARD and the employee.
However, the BOARD may require the employee to transfer for during of the leave
to an equivalent position that better accommodates the purposed intermittent or
reduced leave schedule, if such a position exists within the employee’s
area(s) of certification. Employee’s on an intermittent or reduced leave
schedule will have their salaries reduced to reflect the hours or days missed
due to such leave unless paid leave (e.g., sick leave) is otherwise payable for
time off work on Family and Medical Leave under other provisions of this
AGREEMENT.

k. Employees with accrued but unusued personal days or sick leave days must use
such paid leave first as part of any “family care leave” and/or “employee
disability leave” taken under this Section. A request to use Family and
Medical Leave under this Section shall also be depend a request to take any paid
leave (e.g., sick leave, personal days) the employee is eligible to take.
Approval to take Family and Medical Leave also constitutes approval to take such
other leave.

l. Employees who apply for and take a leave of absence under other sections of
this Article (e.g., sick leave, medical/disability leave, child care leave or
adoption leave), which leave is for a reason for which the employee would also
be eligible for Family and Medical Leave under this section and/or the Family
and Medical Leave Act, shall also be deemed to be on Family and Medical Leave
under this section and shall be no notified by the Treasurer’s office.

m. When returning from a leave under this Section, the employee will be placed
in the same position that he/she held before taking this leave. IF the employee
was transferred to accommodate an intermittent leave or reduced hours leave, the
employee will be returned to the position he/she held before being transferred
for accommodation of the intermittent leave or reduced hours leave. If family
and medical leave is taken in conjunction with child care leave, as provided for
in Section 14.06 above, or adoption leave as provided for in Section 14.07
above, or medical/disability leave as provided in Section 14.03 above, the
provisions of Section 14.03, 14.06 or 14.07, whichever is applicable , shall
govern the return to work conditions for the employee.

n. The provisions of Section 14.01(j) and 14.03(c) shall also be applicable to
the return of an employee from employee disability leave” granted under this
Section.

o. In the event the Family and Medical Leave Act is repealed, this Section shall
be null and void and have no further force and effect.
