                                     CONTRACT

JOB SHARING (§ 14.10)

a. An employee who has at least three (3) years of seniority is eligible to
apply for and be granted a shared teaching assignment pursuant to the conditions
set forth in this program agreement.

b. Two employees who are certified for the same position may be granted, upon
the approval of the Superintendent in the exercise of his sole discretion, the
opportunity to share a single full-time job assignment. Decisions of the
Superintendent with regards to granting or not granting any application forjob
sharing by any employees shall not be subject to review by the Board or be the
subject of any grievance under the Grievance Procedure set forth in the basic
Collective Bargaining Agreement between the Board and the SEA.

c. Employees who wish to share an assignment shall submit a written application
to the Superintendent which includes a plan for approval to the Superintendent
no later than March 1 of the year preceding the proposed job share plan. The
plan must include the following elements:

1. The names of the employees who desire to job share.

The then current job assignments of such employees – building, grade, subject,
team members if a team teaching situation, and all other relevant particulars of
such assignment.

The teaching assignment proposed for the job sharing – building, grade,
subject matter, team members if a team teaching situation, and all relevant
particulars of such assignment.

A statement from each Building Principal affected if the shared staff or program
which is proposed is approved, indicating the position of each regarding the
effect of approving shared staffing on the educational opportunity for students.

A statement from each team member affected if the shared staffing program which
is proposed is approved, indicating the position of each regarding the effect of
approving the shared staffing proposal on the educational opportunity for
students.

2. That the plan shall be in effect for one (1) school year.

3. A full description of the teaching techniques, methods and grading practices
used by each employee, with a full explanation of the steps the participants
will use to insure compatibility of such techniques and practices.

4. A full description as to who shall be responsible for teaching the specific
areas of the curriculum, how grades and reports shall be completed, a means for
communication between both employees and the Building administration.

d. A job sharing arrangement shall be for one (1) year increments and must
receive the Superintendents approval for continuation from year to year.

e. Should an employee, both employees or the Superintendent wish to discontinue
the job sharing assignment for a subsequent school year, the employee with the
greater seniority shall retain the position on a full-time basis. The employee
with the less seniority shall be allowed to transfer to an open position, if
any, and if there is no open position, shall be placed on a suspended contract
basis due to a reduction-in~force and thereafter be permitted to exercise the
rights available to an employee on reduction-in-force under the applicable
provisions of the basic Collective Bargaining Agreement.

f. Both employees shall be present for Parent-Teacher conferences.

g. If during the course of the school year one employee is not able to continue
in the job sharing assignment, the other employee must assume the full-time
teaching position.

h. Each employee shall receive a prorated salary based upon the portion of the
total employee duty day worked by each employee applied to the appropriate step
on the salary schedule for each employee and for the amount of time that he/she
is assigned to work.

i. Sick leave earned prior to working in a job sharing assignment or while
working in thejob sharing assignment shall be earned and used based on the
concept that a day is a day.

j. If one job sharing employee is absent, the other employee may substitute for
him/her and will receive his/her full daily rate of pay for such days.

k. The Board shall pay a total of 100% of a single or family monthly premium for
the Board’s portion of the premium cost for physician/surgical and major
medical, dental, vision and prescription drug benefit program as specified for a
full-time employee in Article XVIII of the basic Collective Bargaining
Agreement. If both employees desire coverage under such insurance programs, they
shall, as part of their application, agree on the insurance program cost each
shall be responsible for paying so that the total dollars payable by the Board
will not exceed the amount the Board would have been required to pay for one
full-time teaching employee.

All particulars regarding the insurance coverage to be in effect for the
employees involved in the job sharing must be worked out and agreed to in
advance by the employees, the ASSOCIATION, and the Superintendent.

If during the job sharing year the circumstances of either of the employees
change and the opportunity to secure insurance coverage becomes necessary and is
available, all concerned shall meet and work out the particulars to permit the
insurance coverage to be provided at no additional total cost to the BOARD.

l. The total amount of personal leave the employees involved in sharing a single
assignment shall be eligible to receive is three (3) one»half (1/1) days each.

m. It is specifically understood and agreed that the Superintendent will not
approve any request for a shared teaching assignment unless it is demonstrated
to the satisfaction of the Superintendent that approval of the application will
benefit the educational opportunity for the students affected by the shared
staffing if the application is approved.
