                                     CONTRACT

DRUG/ALCOHOL FREE SCHOOLS (§ 15.16)

a. Purpose

The BOARD and the ASSOCIATION agree that quality education is not possible in an
environment affected by illegal drug use and/or abuse of alcoholic beverages.
The BOARD and ASSOCIATION have established and agree to maintain a
drug/alcohol-free educational setting in full compliance with federal, state,
and local laws, including the Drug-Free Workplace Act and the Drug-Free Schools
and Communities Act.

b. Employee Assistance Program

Chemically dependent employees are urged to seek help before their dependence
causes problems with their jobs.

Recognizing that chemical dependency is a treatable illness which should be
dealt with by treatment and education, it is they BOARD‘s policy to prevent
chemical dependency and/or offer rehabilitation, rather than to merely
discipline employees for substance abuse related problems. To that end, the
BOARD and the ASSOCIATION have formed an Employee Assistance Committee
consisting of at least one representative from Administration, the SEA
bargaining unit, the SCEA bargaining unit, and that group of employees not
represented by either SEA or SCEA, to monitor the Employee Assistance Program
which is available to all BOARD employees and their dependents.

The Administration will work with an employee desiring chemical dependency
rehabilitation assistance on a voluntary basis. Applicable group health plan
coverages, sick leave benefits and leaves of absence policies are available to
assist employees who seek rehabilitation. Voluntary rehabilitation and/or
inquiries concerning rehabilitation will not be used as evidence of a violation
of any BOARD policy.

Where rehabilitation is offered by the Administration in lieu of discipline,
such rehabilitation, if elected, is considered involuntary. Involuntary
rehabilitation shall be available only one (1)time during an employees tenure of
employment with the BOARD, and shall not be available to any employee in lieu of
termination for operating any motor vehicle on BOARD business under the
influence of alcoholic beverages, or while currently using illegal drugs.

c. Drug-Free Awareness Program

The Employee Assistance Program referenced in this section will include
educational opportunities for employees to obtain information on the dangers of
substance abuse and resources available for chemical dependency and
rehabilitation. in the meantime, information on drug and alcohol counseling,
rehabilitation resources, and re-entry programs, and benefits available to
employees in dealing with substance abuse problems will be maintained in the
District.

d. Drug Testing

Nothing in this section shall be interpreted as requiring an employee to submit
to urinalysis tests for controlled substances; however, it is understood that
the Administration may require such tests to the extent testing is required by
federal or state law. In the event such testing is required, the parties will
meet and confer regarding the facility or facilities to be used to perform such
tests.

e. Confidentiality

Information provided to administrative personnel concerning medical problems
related to substance abuse or chemical dependency of an employee shall be
considered part of the employees medical record and shall be treated as
confidential. However, performance problems, attendance or rules violations will
be documented, reported or otherwise treated as ordinary personnel information
even if related to substance abuse or chemical dependency.

f. Notification

At the beginning of each school year, all employees will receive a copy of the
Drug/Alcohol Policy which includes the disciplinary sanctions and a description
of the Employee Assistance Program. The annual review of this section of BOARD
Policy will emphasize that compliance is mandatory.

g. Board Policies

The BOARD may adopt policies, rules and procedures to implement the terms of
this Section.

h. Prohibited Conduct

The unlawful manufacture, distribution, dispensation, possession or use, or
being under the influence of alcoholic beverages and/or controlled substances
(illegal drugs) by any employee, during working hours, on BOARD premises, or at
any activity or function sponsored by or related to employment with the BOARD,
is prohibited. “Premises” includes vehicles owned by, or being driven on
behalf of the Springboro Community City School District, as well as parking
lots, playgrounds, and other property owned by Springboro Community City
Schools. “Controlled substance” refers to drugs subject to federal or state
regulation, making their manufacture, dispensation, distribution, possession or
use a crime, this includes but is not limited to Cannabis, Cocaine,
Amphetamines, Barbiturates, and Heroine. Medications used as prescribed by a
treating physician or dentist are excluded.

i. Drug-Related Criminal Conviction

Employees convicted (including a guilty or no contest plea) of violating any
federal, state or local criminal drug law, where the violation occurred during
work hours, or on BOARD premises, must report the conviction to the
Superintendent within five (5) business days of a conviction, Where said
criminal offense is a minor misdemeanor, the employee shall be referred for
involuntary rehabilitation in lieu of a 5-day suspension without pay. Failure to
participate in rehabilitation or a subsequent conviction for minor misdemeanor
drug-related offenses will result in a 5-day suspension without pay. Convictions
for offenses other than minor misdemeanors will result in discipline, up to and
including termination, in accordance with contractual and statutory provisions.
Failure to report the conviction(s) will result in termination.

j. Penalties

Violations of the BOARD’s Drug/Alcohol-Free Schools Policy will result in
discipline up to and including termination, which disciplinary action will be
taken in accordance with contractual and/or statutory provisions.
