                                     CONTRACT

FAIR SHARE FEE (§ 5.11)

a. Payroll Deduction of Fair Share Fee

The Board shall deduct from the pay of employees who elect not to become or to
remain members of the ASSOCIATION, a fair share fee for the ASSOCIATION’S
representation of such nonmembers during the term of this contract. No
non-member filing a timely demand shall be required to subsidize partisan
political or ideological causes not germane to the ASSOCIATION’S work in the
realm of collective bargaining.

b. Notification of the amount of Fair Share Fee

a. Notice of the amount of the annual fair share fee, which shall not be more
than 100% of the unified dues of the ASSOCIATION, shall be transmitted by the
ASSOCIATION to the Treasurer of the Board on or about September 15 of each year
during the term of this contract for the purpose of determining amounts to be
payroll deducted, and the BOARD agrees to promptly transmit all amounts deducted
to the ASSOCIATION.

c. Schedule of Fair Share Fee Donations

1. All Fair Share Fee Payers

a. Payroll deductions of such annual fair share fees shall commenced on the
first pay date which occurs on or after January 15th annually. In the case of
unit employees newly haired after the beginning of the school year, the payroll
deduction shall commence on the first pay date or or after the later of:

Sixty (60) days employment in a bargaining unit position or

b. January 15th.

2. Upon termination of membership during the membership year the Treasurer of
the BOARD shall, upon notification from the ASSOCIATION that a member has
terminated membership, commence the deduction of the fair share fee with respect
to the former member, and the amount of the fee yet to be deducted shall be the
annual fair share fee less the amount previously paid through payroll deduction.

d. Transmittal of Deductions

a. The BOARD further agrees to accompany each such transmittal with a list of
names of the employees for whom all such fair share fee deductions were made,
the period covered, and the amounts deducted for each.

e. Procedure for Rebate

1. The ASSOCIATION represents to the BOARD that an internal rebate procedure has
been established in accordance with Section 4117.09(C) of the revised code and
that a procedure for challenging the amount of the representation fee has been
established and will be given to each member of the bargaining unit who does not
join the ASSOCIATION and that such procedure shall be in compliance with all
applicable state and federal laws and the constitutions of the United States and
the State of Ohio.

f. Entitlement to Rebate

1. Upon timely demand, non-members may apply to the ASSOCIATION for an advance
rebate of the fair share fee pursuant to the internal procedure adopted by the
ASSOCIATION.

g. Indemnification of Employer

1. The ASSOCIATION, on behalf of itself and the OEA and NEA, agrees to indemnify
the BOARD for any cost or liability incurred as a result of the implementation
and enforcement of this provision provided that:

a. the BOARD shall give a ten (10) day written notice of any claim made or
action filed against the employer by a non-member for which indemnification may
be claimed;

b. The ASSOCIATION shall reserve the right to designate counsel to represent and
defend the employer;

c. The BOARD agrees to: (1) Give full and complete cooperation and assistance to
the ASSOCIATION and its counsel at all levels of the proceeding; (2) Permit the
ASSOCIATION or its affiliates to intervene as a party if it so desires, and/or
(3) TO not oppose the ASSOCIATION or its affiliates’ application to file
briefs amious curiae in the action;

d. The BOARD acted in good fail compliance with the fair share fee provision of
this agreement; however there shall be no indemnification of the BOARD if the
BOARD intentionally or willfully fails to apply (except due to court order) or
misapply such fair share fee provision herein.
