                                     CONTRACT

NON-RENEWAL (§ 11.02)

a. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Ohio Revised Code which requires
otherwise, it is agreed and expressly understood by the BOARD and the
ASSOCIATION that during the term of this AGREEMENT the language in this section
shall be considered the complete and total non-renewal provisions of the School
District.

b. A recommendation by the Superintendent to the BOARD for the non-renewal of an
employee’s regular limited contract shall take into account the employee’s
ability or lack thereof, and the degree of professional competency of the
employee, or the lack thereof.

c. A full written record of evaluation of an employee’s professional service
shall be maintained in accordance with the evaluation procedure and such written
record shall be complete prior to any recommendation for the non-renewal.

d. Upon a decision by the Superintendent to recommend non-renewal of an
employee’s contract, but prior to the Superintendent’s recommendation of
non-renewal to the BOARD, the Superintendent shall notify the employee in
writing of said non-renewal decision, which shall include the reasons for his
recommendation. The employee shall have the opportunity for a conference with
the Superintendent to discuss the reasons for the non-renewal recommendation. In
the event the Superintendent’s reasons for non-renewal are not disclosed in
the employee’s written evaluation record, such reasons shall have been
properly documented as required by the provisions of this Agreement. (See
Article VII, Section 7.03.)

e. The Superintendent shall recommend and the BOARD shall act on a non-renewal
recommendation prior to April 30 of the year in which the employee’s contract
expires.

f. Within seven (7) calendar days of receipt of the BOARD’s written notice of
non-renewal, the employee may request in the writing to the Treasurer of the
BOARD a hearing with the BOARD regarding the contract non-renewal. Said employee
shall be notified within ten (10) calendar days of the time, date, and place of
the hearing which shall be within thirty (30) calendar days of the request.

h. The BOARD shall issue a written decision and order to the employee within
(10) calendar days of the conclusion of the hearing either affirming or vacating
the BOARD’s action of non-renewal. Should the BOARD vacate the non-renewal,
all reference to said non-renewal shall be expunged from the employee’s
record.

i. The employee shall have the right to representation by the ASSOCIATION at
each step of this procedure.

j. Upon completion of the procedures set forth in this Article, the employee may
use the grievance-arbitration procedures in this Agreement to grieve procedural
but not substantive/merit issues, with the arbitrator having the authority in an
appropriate case to remedy procedural errors only.
