                                     CONTRACT

SICK LEAVE (§ 14.01)

a. Days of absence authorized under this provision shall be deducted from the
sick leave accumulation.

b. Each employee shall be entitled to earn one and one fourth (1 1/4) days of
sick leave for each month under contract up to 15 days per year. The maximum
accumulation of sick leave for full-time employees shall be 275 days. This limit
shall be increased for employees who are at the maximum up to an additional ten
(1) days for personal leave days unused and converted to sick leave; provided,
however employees who are at the maximum sick leave accumulation at the end o
the school year prior to their date of retirement shall be permitted to use sick
leave which would have been earned during such school year of retirement before
using the accumulated sick leave carried ever into the last school year.

c. All accumulations of unused sick leave credit heretofore accrued under prior
laws and policies shall remain to the credit of the sick leave account of each
employee on the effective date of this regulation. Upon the employment of an
employee whose employment was in a school district outside the State of Ohio,
the employee may transfer to his sick leave account in the Springboro Schools up
to a maximum of one hundred and fifty (15) days of unused/uncashed leave as
accrued to his/her sick leave account in his/her former district of employment
as certified by officials of that district. Accrued credits shall be allowed to
employees transferring their employment from other Boards of Education or other
political subdivisions in Ohio, provided such credits have been computed under
the minimum requirements of the laws of the State of Ohio and do not exceed the
local cap on sick leave.

d. On reporting to duty, each employee shall be credited an advance of five (5)
days’ sick leav. A new employee shall not accumulate sick leave until such
time as the sick leave he/she would have accumulated equals the amount of sick
leave he/she was advanced. Thereafter, she/she shall accumulate sick leave at
the rate set forth in 14.01(b) above.

e. Employees who have been employed in the Springboro Community City School
District for a period of one (1) year or more and who have consumed all
presently accumulated sick leave shall be granted an advancement of the number
of sick leave days the employee will earn to the end of the current contract
year up to a maximum of five (5) days on their sick leave to be earned
thereafter. Any such employee who thus receives an advancement of sick leave
shall make written application therefor on a form provided by his/her superior
in which he/she shall also allege an intention to return to the employee of the
School District upon recovery or to pay the value of such days advanced should
he/she not return, such payment ot be either by payroll deduction from money due
him/her from the School District or by direct payment. Such application shall be
accompanied by the statement of a physical that she/she will be physically able
to return to his/her assignment upon recovery and shall also give the
anticipated date of return.

f. The same accrual of one and one fourth (1 1/4) days per month under contract
shall continue during the use of sick leave, provided the employee has not been
officially separated from the payroll.

g. Sick leave usage shall be granted for the following:

1. Absence due to illness, injury or exposure to contagious disease.

2. Absence due to illness or death in the employee’s immediate family.

3. Disability due to pregnancy and/or delivery. Sick leave may be utilized only
during the period of time the employee is actually disabled and unable to
perform her normal duties. If additional time off is desired, Child Care/Family
and Medical Leave must be utilized.

4. Up to fifteen (15) days of sick leave may be taken at the time an employee
receives an infant (0 to five (5) years old) which is placed with the employee
for adoption.

5. Definitions:

a. Immediate family – Where sickness is concerned, “immediate family”
shall be defined as spouse, father, father-in-law, mother, mother-in-law,
sister, brother or child. This also includes any other person living as a
dependent in the employee’s household.

b. Where death is concerned, “immediate family” shall be defined to mean
father, mother, husband, wife, son, daughter, step-child (son or daughter of
current spouse), father and mother-in-law, son and daughter-in-law, brothers and
sisters, brother and sister-in-law, aunts and uncles, nieces and nephews,
grandparents and grandparents-in-law, grandchildren and step-parents. The
immediate family shall also include the death of a person the employee has been
supporting, whether a relative or not.

6. Sick leave usage to attend the funeral of a member of the employees immediate
family shall be:

a. five (5) days when due to the death of the employee’s father, mother,
spouse, son or daughter; and

b. three (3) days when due to the death of any other member of the employee’s
immediate family.

NOTE: Additional sick leave usage may be used if the employee is otherwise
eligible to use sick leave.

7. Sick leave for immediate family not residing in the same household shall be
granted to a maximum of ten (10) consecutive days upon certification by the
employee that the family member i seriously ill and the employee’s presence is
required. Such ten (10) days shall not be deemed leave granted under the Family
and Medical Leave provisions herein (Section 14.17).

8. An employee may appeal to the Superintendent for special permission in
unusual situations not listed above, such as the serious illness of a
grandchild.

h. The Superintendent may, in the exercise of his sole discretion, require any
employee using sick leave for ten (10) or more consecutive days in any school
year to be examined by a physician or physicians selected by the Superintendent
for the purpose of confirming that the employee is disabled and not able to work
with or without restrictions/limitations and if the employee is able to work
with restrictions/limitations, to work out the reasonable accommodations
necessary, if possible, to enable the employee to do so.

In the event the employee’s physician and the physician selected by the
Superintendent do not agree on any matter, they shall jointly refer the matter
to a third physician mutually acceptable to such physicians who shall consider
the reports of the two physicians, examine the employee, if necessary, and
determine the matter at issue. The determination of this third physician shall
be binding on all concerned and is not subject to further appeal.

The employee is responsible for all expenses incurred from his/her physician.

The BOARD is responsible for all expenses incurred from the physician selected
by the Superintendent and for the cost of the third physician.

i. Falsification of the sick leave statement could result in the termination of
an employee’s contract pursuant to Section 3319.16 Ohio Revised Code.

j. An employee returning to work following a personal illness which required
absence of ten (10) or more work days may be required to furnished the
Superintendent with a statement from his/her attending physician certifying the
employee’s ability to return to active working status. If the employee’s
physician is unable to certify that the employee is able to resume his/her full
and normal job duties without limitations, the attending physical shall provide
the full particulars on any limitations/restrictions in place and the likely
duration of such. In the event there are restrictions/limitations, a meeting
will be held with the employee before a determination is made on whether the
employee may/may not return to active working status. If as a result of this
meeting the Superintendent determines that the employee can return to work with
restrictions/limitations, the Superintendent and the employee will then work out
the reasonable accommodations necessary, if possible to enable the employee to
do so.

k. The Superintendent may, in the exercise of his sole discretion, require any
employee returning to active working status following the use of sick leave for
then (10) or more days to be examined by a physician or physicians selected by
the Superintendent for the purpose of confirming that the employee is able to
return to work with our without restrictions/limitations and if the employee is
able to return to work with restrictions/limitations, to work out the reasonable
accommodations necessary, if possible, to enable the employee to do so.

In the event the employee’s physician and the physician selected by the
Superintendent do not agree, they shall jointly refer the matter to a third
physician mutually acceptable to such physician who shall consider the reports
of the two physician, examine the employee, if necessary, and determine the
matter at issue. The determination of this third physician shall be binding on
all concerned and is not subject to further appeal.

The employee is responsible for all expenses incurred from his/her physician.

The BOARD is responsible for all expenses incurred from the physician selected
by the Superintendent and for the cost of the third physician.
