                                     CONTRACT

SICK LEAVE BANK (S.L.B.) (§ 14.04)

a. Purpose:

To load additional days of sick leave to employees who experience personal
accidental injury, surgery or serious illness and have used up all personal sick
leave days.

b. Provisions of Eligibility:

1. All employees shall be eligible to be members of the S.L.B.

2. At the start of each school year, each employee will receive a written notice
of the open enrollment period which will provide an opportunity to enroll in the
bank between September 1 and October 1. Initial membership will consist of one
(1) day sick leave, to be deducted from the employee’s sick leave accumulation
and be transferred to the S.L.B. prior to October 1. Each employee will receive
a notice of receipt indicated his/her participation in the program. Any unused
days in the Bank will carry over to the next year.

3. Membership shall be continuous unless canceled, in writing, to the
Treasurer’s Office during the period of September 1 through October 1.

4. If 50 participants are not enrolled by October 1st, the bank will not be
established for that school year.

c. Operational Procedures:

1. Loans will be limited to participating employees for use only in cases of the
employee’s own, the employee’s spouse or dependent child’s personal
illness, injury or non-elective surgery occurrence under unusual, severe or
emergency conditions, as determined by the S.L.B. Board. Normal pregnancy is not
an unusual, sever or emergency condition.

2. Applications for loans from the Sick Leave Bank must be made on the Employee
Application for Sick Leave Bank Form (Appendix B). A Physician’s Statement
(Appendix C) is required with each application in order to be considered for a
loan.

3. A loan will be considered only after the individual has used all of his/her
accumulated sick leave days, has used all possible advances of sick leave days
and is not eligible for disability leave under the Ohio State Teacher Retirement
System.

d. Sick Leave Bank Board

The Sick Leave Loan Bank is to be regulated by a Board consisting of two (2)
teachers to be selected by the ASSOCIATION, one of whom will be co-chairman and
a permanent member; and two (2) administrators to be selected by the
Superintendent, one of whom shall be a co-chairman and a permanent member. A
physical shall be asked to volunteer as an advisor to the Board, as needed. One
(1) employee and one (1) administrator shall be appointed to three (3) year
terms.

e. Loan and Payback Procedures

1. The maximum number of days that a member may borrow is ten percent (10%) of
the total days in the bank at the end of the enrollment period (October 1).

2. The member who borrows days will pay back the days at the rate of fifty
percent (50%) of his/her annual accumulated sick leave at the and of the salary
contract year, each year until the total number of days borrowed has been
restored to the bank. Provided, int he event of a member who owes days to the
bank ceases for any reason to earn sick leave days (i.e., retirement,
resignation, permanent disability or death), any days of sick leave at that time
to the credit of such member after first repaying days and advanced shall be
used to repay the bank before any sick leave days are cashed in for severance
pay purposes.

f. Policy Procedures:

1. In consideration of the benefits of participating in the S.L.B., each
applicant of membership in the Bank and for benefits from the Bank shall, as a
condition to such application, agree in writing as follows “I specifically
acknowledge and agree that the granting of days from the S.L.B. shall be at the
sole discretion of the S.L.B. Board. All decisions of the S.L.B. Board will be
final and binding and are not subject to grievance. I further agree to abide by
such decision and to indemnify and hold harmless the Springboro Community City
School District, the Springboro Education Association, the S.L.B. Board, and al
of their agents for any loss they may sustain as a result of any claim or legal
proceedings I may bring against any of them respect to a decision made by any of
them concerning this application.”

2. Application for the S.L.B. days must be made to the Superintendent.

3. The S.L.B. Board shall meet and render a decision within ten (10) days of
receipt of request.

4. Unused requested days shall be returned to the S.L.B.

5. The S.L.B. will begin with one (1) day from each contributing employee. When
the fund is depleted below seventy-five (75) days, each member will be assessed
one (1) additional day. The S.L.B. Board shall be responsible for notifying
employees of each assessment period. Members may donate days above and beyond
this requirement.

6. Extension of additional days may be applied for in the same manner as
original application.

7. When an employee donates days to the Bank, he/she agrees to the above stated
rules for administration of the Bank and agrees to abide by the stated rules.

8. All decisions of the S.L.B. Board shall be final and binding, and are not
subject to the grievance/arbitration provisions of this Agreement.

9. These guidelines will be reviewed annually by the Sick Leave Bank Board if
requested by either party.
