                                     CONTRACT

INSURANCE PROGRAM (§ 18.02)

a. Any Physician, Surgical, Major Medical, Dental, Vision and Prescription Drug
Benefits Programs provided by this Agreement shall be the same or substantially
similar to the plan currently in effect. However, in the event of the occurrence
of one of the following events, the BOARD may provide another plan. The events
are: the offered plan or a substantially similar plan, is no longer available;
the plan or any other successor plan, increases in cost by 10% or more; or, the
cost of a substantially similar plan is 10% or more than the cost of the plan
currently in place. Prior to sending out the RFP, the Superintendent shall meet
with the Insurance Committee, which includes the president of the Springboro
Education Association and the president of the Springboro Classified Employees
Association.

b. The foregoing Physician, Surgical, Major Medical, Dental, Vision and
Prescription Drug Benefits Programs shall be available for all employees on the
active working payroll who have made application for such insurance on or before
the effective date of this Agreement, who are regular employees employed by the
BOARD, who either: (1) work at least half-time, and work at least thirty-six
(36) weeks per year; or (2) have an annual contract with the BOARD, and for whom
such coverage is in effect prior to the effective date of this Agreement.

c. The foregoing Physician, Surgical, Major Medical, Dental, Vision and
Prescription Drug Benefits Programs shall be available for all employees who
make application for such insurance and/or such employees who are hired after
the effective date of this Agreement, for all such employees who are regular
employees of the BOARD, who either (1) work at least half-time and work at least
thirty-six (36) weeks per year; or (2) have an annual contract with the BOARD
and who complete the required insurance forms and have the same filed with the
office of the Treasurer of the BOARD; provided, however, only employees
presently covered only by the Prescription Drug Benefit Program may continue to
be covered only by such benefit. All other employees must be covered by the
Physician, Surgical, Major Medical and Prescription Drug benefits program. Upon
completion and filing of the required insurance forms, on or prior to the
thirtieth (30th) day of employment on the active working payroll, coverage
becomes effective on the first day of the month following the month when first
on the active working payroll.

d. The foregoing Physician, Surgical, Major Medical, Dental, Vision and
Prescription Drug Benefits Programs shall be provided to employees employed on a
full-time basis, with full-time employees covered by such benefits contributing
toward cost of such benefits based on the following schedule:

BOARD PORTION – 90% of the cost of each such benefit, as determined at least
annually by the Insurance Administrator based on claims experience (single
contract or family contract) or the insurance provider. The BOARD shall be
responsible for any run off costs associated with the change from a self-insured
program to an insured program.

EMPLOYEE PORTION – 10% of the cost of each such benefit, as determined at
least annually by the Insurance Administrator based on claims experience (single
contract or family contract) or the insurance provider.

The foregoing Physician/Surgical and Major Medical, Dental, Vision and
Prescription Drug Benefit Program only shall be provided to employees employed
on a less than full-time basis (less than thirty (30) hours per week), but
employed under a regular contract by the BOARD with the BOARD‘s portion of the
premium cost being determined based on the number of daily hours the part-time
employee is under contract to perform service as a percentage of a full-time
teaching contract (7 1/4 hours), such percentage being applied against the
actual amount of the premium cost, reduced by the required full-time employee
monthly contribution set forth in the foregoing schedule. Such part-time
employee shall be responsible for the payment of all premium cost in excess of
the BOARD’s contribution toward such cost.

e. The following Life Insurance Program shall be provided without cost to the
full-time employees covered by this Agreement.

1. Life insurance in the amount of $50,000.00 for all regular full-time
employees who have an annual contract with the BOARD. Life insurance in the
amount of $40,000.00 for all regular part-time employees who have an annual
contract with the BOARD.

2. Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance in the amount of $50,000.00 for
all regular full-time employees who have an annual contract with the BOARD.
Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance in the amount of $40,000.00 for all
regular part-time employees who have an annual contract with the BOARD.

3. The Life insurance specified in this Section shall be provided without cost
to all employees who are on the active working payroll on the effective date of
this Agreement, and who are regular employees of the BOARD, who have an annual
contract with the BOARD, and for whom coverage is in effect immediately prior to
the effective date of this Agreement. The insurance Program specified in this
Section shall also be provided without cost to all regular employees and/or new
employees who are hired after the effective date of this Agreement, effective on
the first day of the month following the date of this Agreement or the date they
commence actual employment with the BOARD, whichever is the later date, for all
regular employees of the BOARD who have an annual contract with the BOARD.

f. General Provisions

1. The foregoing Physician, Surgical, Major Medical, Vision Care and
Prescription Drug benefits described in Section 18.02(a) shall be continued for
any eligible employee who pays the employee’s portion as set forth in Section
18.02(d) during any period when such employee is on the active working payroll,
compensated sick leave, compensated leave of absence granted pursuant to the
provisions of this Agreement, non-compensated approved leave of absence of less
than thirty (30) days, or for employees working only during the regular School
year and not working during the Summer break period, until such employee either
resign their employment status or fail to return to active working status at the
commencement of the next school year. Except as otherwise required under the
FMLA, employees on a non-compensated approved leave of absence of over thirty
(30) days‘ duration, and/or employees or dependents of employees eligible for
COBRA Benefit Continuation Rights who desire to continue benefit coverage
described above in Sections 18.02(a) and (e) past the period for which the BOARD
has agreed to continue benefit coverage for the employee may do so by paying one
hundred and two percent (102%) of the full group premium for such insurance, as
set by the BOARD’s insurance Administrator or the insurance provider and/or
insurance carrier, to the Administrator of the insurance program and/or the
carrier designated by the BOARD and as set forth in COBRA regulations. In the
event coverage is discontinued for any period, coverage cannot be reacquired
through the BOARD until the employee returns to active working status.

2. Unless a properly completed application form for any of the benefits
described in Sections 18.02(d) and 18.02(e) is filed with the Treasurer of the
BOARD within thirty (30) calendar days of the date the employee commences active
working status, or returns to active working status from leave, whichever is
applicable, or unless timely application is made for COBRA benefit rights,
coverage will not be available until the next enrollment period and then in
accordance with the limitations contained in the Plan.

3. In the event an employee desires to change from one type of coverage to a
different type of coverage (e.g., single to dependent), the employee must follow
the procedures specified in the “Master Plan Document”. Any change in
coverage shall be governed by the provisions contained in the “Master Plan
Document”.

4. All benefits provided pursuant to this Benefit Program shall be subject to
the conditions set forth in any contract secured by the BOARD or the conditions
set forth in the “Master Plan Document”.

5. EFFECTIVE JANUARY 1, 2014, THE BOARD SHALL IMPLEMENT SPOUSAL LIMITATION
LANGUAGE AS UTILIZED BY THE EPC.

g. For purposes of this Article, the effective date of resignation of any
employee shall be either: (1) the day prior to the commencement of the next
school teaching year; or (2) the effective date of resignation as submitted on
the employee’s resignation notification, whichever date shall occur first.
