                                     CONTRACT

GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE (ยง 4.04)

a. Step One: Discussion with Administrator

1. Any employee having a grievance should first discuss such grievance and
identify that he/she is beginning the grievance procedure with the appropriate
Administrator.

b. Step Two: Written to Administrator

1. If the discussion does not resolve the grievance to the satisfaction of the
grievant, such grievant shall have the right to file a written grievance with
the appropriate Administrator. If such grievance is not filed within twenty (20)
calendar days after the occurrence of the act or the condition which is the
basis of said grievance, said grievance shall be waived. The written grievance
shall be on standard form (Appendix A) and shall contain a concise statement of
the facts upon which the grievance is based and a reference to the specific
provision of this Agreement allegedly violated, misinterpreted or misapplied.

2. Within seven (7) calendar days of receipt of the grievance, the Principal or
Administrator shall hold a meeting at a mutually agreeable time to discuss the
grievance.

3. The Administrator shall answer the written grievance within seven (7)
calendar days after the conclusion of the meeting. The answer and the reasons
for the answer shall be reduced to writing and copies sent to the grievant, and
the ASSOCIATION. In the event the Administrator fails to timely answer the
grievance at Step 2, the grievant may move to the next step.

c. Step Three: Appeal to Superintendent

1. If the answer of the Administrator does not resolve the grievance to the
satisfaction of the grievant, the grievant may appeal the grievance in writing
to the Superintendent. Failure to file such an appeal within seven (7) calendar
days from receipt of the written Step Two answer of the Administrator shall be
deemed a waiver of the right to appeal and the grievance shall thereafter be
void and not subject to further processing. A meeting shall be conducted by the
Superintendent, at a mutually agreeable time, within seven (7) calendar days
after the receipt of the appeal. The grievant shall be advised in writing of the
time, place and date of such hearing and shall have the right to be represented
at such meeting by the ASSOCIATION.

2. The Superintendent shall answer the appeal of the grievance within seven (7)
calendar days after the conclusion of the Step Three meeting. The Step Three
action and the reasons for the answer shall be reduced to writing and copies
sent to the grievant, the Step One Administrator, and the ASSOCIATION. In the
event the Superintendent fails to timely answer the grievance at Step Two the
grievant may move to the next step.

e. Step Four: Arbitration

1. The ASSOCIATION may, within ten (10) calendar days after the issuance of the
Step Three answer, demand arbitration in accordance with the rules and
regulations of the American Arbitration Association; provided, however, it does
not have the right to appoint an arbitrator who is not mutually agreeable to the
parties. When issued in accordance with these procedures, the opinion and award
of the arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties. The arbitrator
shall not have the power to add to, subtract from, or modify this Agreement. The
arbitrator has the authority to determine arbitrability if such an issue exists.
Cost for the services of the arbitrator, including per diem expenses and actual
and necessary travel expense, shall be borne equality by the parties.
