                                     CONTRACT

VACANCY ANNOUNCEMENTS (§ 9.01)

a. A “vacancy” shall be defined as an “open position” within the
bargaining unit covered by this AGREEMENT that the Administration determines to
fill; provided, however, a vacancy shall not be deemed to exist for purposes of
the procedures set forth in this Article if:

1. if there is an employee in the bargaining unit on suspended contract with
recall rights to the open position; or

2. the Superintendent, in the exercise of his/her prerogative, fills the open
position by involuntary transfer.

b. Before filling a vacant position in the bargaining unit with an employee new
to the district, the Superintendent shall notify present employees and the
ASSOCIATION of the availability of the vacant position.

c. During the school year, vacancy announcements to employees and the
ASSOCIATION shall be by posting “Notices of Vacancy” in the school office in
each building, with a copy to the ASSOCIATION President. During the summer
months, notices shall be posted in the Central Office with a copy sent to the
ASSOCIATION President. “Notices of Vacancy” shall include information
regarding the building(s), grade level and certification required for the vacant
position; the general duties and performance expectations/essential functions of
the position, preferred job qualifications, if any, for the position and
conditions of employment; and the internal application deadline and procedure
for application.

d. Present employees who are qualified by certificate for the position and who
notify the Superintendent of their interest in the position will be considered
for the position before individuals not in the employ of the BOARD are hired. if
the applicant selected is a current employee, the Superintendent may determine
to fill the vacancy with the employee during the school year or at the start of
the next school year. If the determination is to wait until the start of the
next school year to till the vacancy with a current employee, the vacancy may be
filled on a temporary basis by another employee or a substitute for the
remainder of the current school year. If the applicant selected is not a current
employee, the vacancy may be filled by a new employee hired during the school
year or by a substitute until the new employee is available.

e. The Superintendent shall consider such factors as the professional background
of the applicants, their seniority in the District (See Article XII, Section
12.01, Seniority Definition), their work performance and their experience
elsewhere. The filling of each position shall be governed by the principle of
selecting the best person for the position, as determined solely by the
Superintendent.

f. Except for an open position filed by involuntary transfer, applicants for
other vacant positions will be considered in the following order:

1. applicants seeking reassignment;

2. displaced employees seeking voluntary transfer;

3. employees seeking voluntary transfer; then

4. others seeking employment with the District.

g. For purposes of this section, the following definitions shall be:

1. Reassignment: A change of subject or grade level assignment within the
building.

2. Transfer: A change of subject or grade level assignment from one building to
another.

3. Displaced Employee: An employee who is not assigned to the same teaching
position and who is without an assignment.
